Remove preview language from evals docs and expand supported evaluators (#6)
firebase/genkit: docs/evaluation.md

Note: Below you can see an example of how an LLM can help you generate the test
cases.

> ## Supported Evaluator Plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported evaluators
```

Author: done.

> ### Genkit Eval
> 
> We have created a small number of native evaluators to help developers get started that are inspired by [RAGAS](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/index.html) metrics including:
> 
> - Faithfulness
> - Answer Relevancy
> - Maliciousness
> 
> ### VertexAI Rapid Evaluators
> 
> We support a handful of VertexAI Rapid Evaluators via the [VertexAI Plugin](/docs/plugins/vertex-ai#evaluation).
> 
> ### Langchain Evaluators
> 
> Firebase Genkit supports [Langchain Criteria Evaluation](https://python.langchain.com/docs/guides/productionization/evaluation/string/criteria_eval_chain/) via the Langchain Plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Genkit evaluators

Genkit includes a small number of native evaluators, inspired by RAGAS, to help you get started:

- Faithfulness
- Answer Relevancy
- Maliciousness

### Evaluator plugins

Genkit supports additional evaluators through plugins:

- VertexAI Rapid Evaluators via the [VertexAI Plugin](plugins/vertex-ai#evaluation).
- [LangChain Criteria Evaluation](https://python.langchain.com/docs/guides/productionization/evaluation/string/criteria_eval_chain/) via the [LangChain plugin](plugins/langchain.md).
```

Author: done.
